In the September COVID-19 2020 governing body update, number six, a brief one-minute sampling
of individual singers was presented to show how the regional convention song, Our Joy
Eternally, was recorded in French with physical distancing.
We are now pleased to present the full five-minute rendition for your listening enjoyment.
For the sake of you, if you want to be beautiful, you will decide.
You have done everything with love and glory without equal.
Your hand in face is the earth and all life in the universe, big advantage to Joy.
When the joy of your fear, in the pages of your book, in the hope, you are not.
But it is your love, immense.
You will judge our existence.
I have the opportunity.
You have done everything with love and glory without equal.